ConvertTokenizer, CLS token & features as sequence (#4996)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/nlu/components.rst

Sparse features only store the values that are non zero and their positions in the vector.
Thus, we save a lot of memroy and are able to train on larger datasets.

> By default all featurizers will return a matrix of length (token-length x feature-dimension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default all featurizers will return a matrix of length (number-of-tokens x feature-dimension).
```
